[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: First of all, this
box-sizing and border-box that we talked
a little bit about before, but
this makes this so much easier, right?
Cuz the first thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna take these, actually,
I need this open, don't I?
Cuz I don't remember
what anything's called.
So picture-group, right?
>> Brian Holt: Because
everything's in a picture-group.
Yep, okay, so just make this a lot bigger.
Come on.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so .picture-group,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're just gonna give them a width of 25%,
okay.
Now they're all tightly
compacted together.
We're gonna say border 1 px solid black.
Okay, and how we're gonna float them left.
Okay, and
now everything is on the same line.
But It looks kinda dumb cuz they
all have these different heights.
So how you want to do
height is kinda up to you,
you can just do something like 200
pixels or something like that.
That's kind of an easy way to do it.
Except that's not nearly high enough, so
let's try 400, 300, maybe like 330.
All right,
good enough.
Let's give them a bit of padding,
a little bit more breathing room, so
we're going to say padding five pixels or
something like that.
Something you're kinda gonna learn as you
go forward with this kind of stuff is that
you just kind of poke around, see what
works, poke around a little bit more,
see if it works better.
It's just kind of tooling with it, see if
it works, it's kinda the hacker attitude.
Okay, so
now everything's on the same line.
We wanted it to be centered, so
we're gonna say text-align center.
That's pretty much it, isn't it?
Yeah.
And then you can make it wider, and notice
it all, even when you get super small,
which is bad but whatever,
you might want to say overflow hidden, so
it doesn't flow into the other one.
But there you go.